Grammar updates for EthicsOfBlockchainGovernance.md (#1)
the-laurel/governance: docs/EthicsOfBlockchainGovernance.md

## Principles

> 1. One `de facto` governs something if one can create and destroy that thing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. One `de facto` governs some defined thing if one can create and destroy that thing.
```

Reviewer: The accent I wanted to convey is subtle: "some thing" means defined and "something" means regardless of choice.
